By Ye Bingtao
All the coerced directors were rescued
And Blackie has convinced them to go to sea
Re-election of the chairperson
Really, thank you.
So you must perform well tomorrow
Never say it because he is good
I also need to prepare
Director, after you come
The performance of Haicheng Branch is booming
That's the chairperson, but he's a business genius
But there are still some people who violate the yang and yin
It's none of your business behind your back
Who dares to speak ill of me?
They have someone secretly colluding with the Night Kiln
This is obviously a rebellion
I found it all for Lao Tzu and opened it all
It's all counted
Master, you announce that these people eat the air inside and out
I'll open it for them now
You are so stupid
How did you become the chairperson?